Add new rule `no-unused-services` (#1143)
ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember: docs/rules/no-unused-services.md

# no-unused-services

Disallow unused service injections.

By removing unused service injections, we can reduce the amount of code we have and improve code readability.

> **Note**: This rule cannot detect service usage in the corresponding handlebars template file for a JavaScript class, which can thus cause the rule to exhibit false positives.

Reviewer: I realized there are some more situations that can exhibit false positives so let's list them out here:

```suggestion
**Note**: This rule can exhibit false positives when an injected service is only used in:

* The corresponding handlebars template file for a controller or component
* A mixin or other class that the current class extends from
```

# no-unused-services

:wrench: The `--fix` option on the [command line](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface#fixing-problems) can automatically fix some of the problems reported by this rule.

Disallow unused service injections.

By removing unused services, we can reduce the amount of code we have and improve code readability.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
class MyClass {
  @service('foobarbaz') foo;

  // foo is not referenced below at all
}

Component.extend({
  foo: service('foobarbaz')

  // foo is not referenced below at all
});
```

Examples of **correct** usages of services for this rule:

```js
/* Injected service 'foo' above */

// this.get

> this.get('foo');

Author: Makes sense - thanks for the advice!
